	The King rose slowly from his chair and pointed a bony finger towards
the courtiers who had gathered to hear their leader speak.
"For far too long have we lived in fear of losing our cherry harvests to 
those dreadful Sour Grapes, who have, for so long blighted our peaceful
existence".
	The King's hand reached into a nearby drawer and produced a neatly
folded piece of paper.
"Good people, on this piece of paper are the landscape plans for the ten
remaining cherry orchards in our Kingdom.
They are the result of many years work by the greatest scientific minds our
Kingdom has to offer".
The people who had gathered moved closer, craning their necks to observe the 
finer detail.
A voice from the assembled people blurted out, "But they're underground, who
ever heard of an underground cherry orchard".
The King glared sternly at the source of this sudden and most inappropriate
outburst, and discovered, not to his amazement that it was Jack the Clown
that had spoken out so abruptly.
"Well, well, well", said the King, "it appears that your mouth has finally
caught up with the size of your feet, my red nosed friend".
The clown's head slowly dropped to his chest as the King continued.
"As I was about to explain, and as someone so kindly pointed out, these
orchards have been built underground so as to conceal them from those
devilish Sour Grapes".
The King gestured to various points on the plans and revealed how apples had
been placed around the orchard so as to provide obstacles to the Sour Grapes
should they dare to venture into these curious catacombs.
"But how do they grow ?", asked the clown, his confidence regained.
"Ah", replied the King, "My master of mirth shows a great interest in our
horticultural endeavours.
Yes, how do they grow.
Well, for ten hours a day the roof to the orchard is rolled back to allow 
the sun's rays to nourish the growing fruit, and during darkness, the roof 
remains closed, thus preventing any unwanted intrusions".
At that precise moment the courtroom doors flew open and in ran a extremely
worried looking guard.
"Sire, Sire..." cried the guard, "Sour Grapes have entered the orchards".
"What ..?!!", bellowed the King, "Did I not instruct you to stand guard over
the orchards and deter any intruders, especially those blasted Sour Grapes.?"
"Yes sir, but..."
"But nothing fool, you have failed in your duties, and no excuses will 
satisfy me..Guards, take him away !"
Two burly guards strode forward, and between them marched the still 
protesting guard out through the main doors to an uncertain fate.
"Imbesceles", snorted the King, "I am surrounded by imbesceles".
The clown, who was obviously finding the ensuing drama much to his amusement,
shouted out.. "What a palava, and all for a few measly cherries".
The courtroom was suddenly overcome with a deafening silence, which gave way
to the shuffling of the clown's feet as the King's head turned purposefully 
towards the clown.

"Clown", said the King softly, "Or may I call you Jack ?
I am enamoured by your unselfish attitude towards the welfare of our cherry
 orchards, so much so, that I'm promoting you to the rank of personal 
 assisstant to the well being of the monarch".
"Eh..?", Jack said, obviously bemused.
"You're my little helper", snapped the King.
"Uh Oh..", Jack said knowingly.
"Yes", said the King, "Anything I wish you to do, you will do.Anywhere I wish
you to go, you will go, and..."
But, but...", Jack interrupted.
"And", the King continued, "any more backchat from you and you'll provide 
excellent target practice for my archers, and wipe that smile off your face
 when I'm speaking down to you".
Jack stood solemnly as the King moved in for the kill, a royal arm stretched
out and carefully removed Jack's hat which revealed three juggling balls 
perched precariously on Jack's shiny head.
The King took the juggling balls, one, two, three...
Jack looked on as the King threw the hat in one direction, and the juggling 
balls in another, one, two, ...
"Wait", yelled Jack, "Please leave me with some dignity Sire."
The King looked reassuringly at Jack and handed back the last ball to the now
demoralised clown.
"Here", said the King, "You're going to need this"
Jack looked puzzled as the King guided him towards the main doors which were
dutifully opened by the ever vigilant, and now smiling guards.
Through the courtyard, out the main gate, across the drawbridge and through 
the meadow the King and Jack travelled.
Jack occasionally gazing up at the King, only to see an expression which was
not unlike that of a man who had found a sack full of long stringy things, 
and had travelled to a nearby village to discover that long stringy things 
were in great demand.
Several hundred yards and numerous gazes later, they came upon a large square
hole in the ground. Two guards stood shamefaced either side of the gaping
hole.
"Well", said the King, "If it isn't my trusty guards, Yes my trusty guards 
who, through thick and thin would guard my life, through war and peace would
guard my Kingdom, but through incapability and incompetence have failed to 
guard my cherries, be off with you..!"
The King's face was like thunder as he watched the cowardly custodians flee 
across the meadows until they were no more than  specks on the horizon.
"Farewell and good riddance", murmured the King, whose thoughts had now 
turned to the matter in hand.
"Well Jack, I'm sure you know now what you must do for me", said the King, 
peering into the gaping hole.
Jack's face grew pale as if the thought which was racing through the King's
 mind, had suddenly and magically transformed into his.
"Alright, alright", said Jack, "What do I have to do..?"
"Good man..er..Clown I mean. You must rid our remaining orchards of any Sour
 Grapes you come across, however, if you can gather all the cherries in the 
 orchard, that's even better, after all, that's what we're trying to salvage
 isn't it.
Oh, and by the way, there's something I forgot to mention. Something else 
lurks in the orchards".
	
 
Jack looked sternly at the King, "Something..?" he asked quizically.
"Yes, well you see", said the King kicking his feet like a mischievous 
schoolboy. "It's an old man really, who refused to move from the area whilst
 we were building the orchards.
I mean, we gave him plenty of notice ,you know, letters, proclamations, visits
 from the boys, but all to no avail, he still wouldn't budge".
"So why should I be wary of this chap", Jack asked.
"Well", said the King sheepishly, "You see, he's invited a few friends to 
stay with him, Bitter lemons he calls them, and boy are they mean, they're so
 bitter they suck out all the sweetness from those juicy apples we placed in
  the orchards, to make themselves less bitter I should imagine, can't say
   I've seen any improvement though".
"And where exactly is this man and his cronies ?", asked Jack, who was by
 now becoming increasingly more worried.
"Well that's a very good question isn't it..", said the King squirming.
"Well, where..?" asked Jack impatiently.
"Anywhere he likes really", retorted the King, "You see, he's devised a trap
 for you, or a treat you might say, anyway, you'll soon find out. Oh, and the
  sour grapes have become well aware of this set up and leave it well alone,
   in fact, they pretend to be statues so as not to be spotted".
"Is there any spark of humanity in this man ?", Jack asked the King.
"Yes, I have heard rumour that he can rejuvinate people, but I think it's
 pure speculation and old wive's tales if you ask me".
"Alright", said Jack shakily, "I'm going in".
"Good luck Jack, and remember, we're all counting on you", echoed the King's
 voice as Jack stepped gingerley into the inky darkness.
The King's voice grew more faint as Jack's heart beat more loudly.
"This is it", Jack thought to himself, clutching his juggling ball, and
 stepping further into the labyrinth, Jack was about to begin an adventure
 he would never forget...
