
Dear Simon,

My name is Aaron Koolen.

I just thought I'd drop you a quick note after finally
receiving BUM6 you colour vision author you!

Small things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:

  Don't close and reopen the editor when
  1) Changing defaults
  2) Clearing/Setting mouseables!

  3) Selection of display mode! (ASL)

  Amiga-s = save,  Amiga-A = SaveAS
  or something like that.

  Some macro keys.

  Use clipboard for cut and pastc also.
  A-v, A-c, A-x.  I use the clipboard heaps in other
  editors.

Large things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:
  Better editor
  Command line compiler
  No loading of all libs at once into editor (selectable?)

  Better error handling during runtime.
    Make a lot of the noe commands, have function options
    eg.
    if Window(x,y,w,h,flags,....)=0
; Window open failed!
    else
; Window opened!
    endif

    So if it returns 0, the open window failed.
    Most commands should be like this so we don't have to use
    the bloody stupid and out dated SET ERR type thing.

  MORE EFFICIENT CODE GENERATION!!!!  PLEASE!!

  TOOLTYPES!

  Linkable object modules.  Even if the were written
  in blitz it's ok. At least it would be a start.

  Type defs!  Definately!




I think the new commands this issue are groovy!.

(Y ) I'd like to register with the authors via Acid
     Software so I can receive upgrades and docs
     directly from them

(Y ) I'd like to see the user libraries continually
     updated in BUM magazine and the authors paid
     by Acid and not some shareware system

(  ) I don't think I'm quite ready for new commands
     Blitz2 has enough for me already

I'm currently working on....
  New menu rendering system (a la magic menu)
  Some commodities. (Enclosed is the main one)

I have enclosed the following for publishing in BUM7...

My most awesome AppIcon util, that is so amazing only
people with the ability of being a BUM editor could have
written it! :-)

(Y ) Seeing as the article I have enclosed is so good I would
     like you to send me more information about becoming a full
     time BUM editor.



Cheers!


Oh yeah.  I may be keen on writing a totally new TED for ya.
It may be a hassle getting someone other than Mark to do it
due to the internal stuff, but gis a ring if you're keen and
maybe we can suss something out.

