
Dear Simon,

My name is Anton Reinauer.

I just thought I'd drop you a quick note after finally
receiving BUM6 you disgusting pile of pigs vomit!
                   (insert creative ^^^ abuse here).

I hear that you are going to have a penpals directory in
your next issue. Please include the following details as
I would really enjoy receiving mail and swapping code
with other users, especially in other countries

---------------------------------------------------------
Name:Anton Reinauer
Address:12 Asbury Cresent Campbells Bay Auckland NZ
Interests:Horror,sex,fantasy,sex,Sci-Fi,sex,comedy and sex
FavouriteMusic:Punk & Metal
FavouriteFood:I seek the perfect Nacho- Dominoes closed down!
FavouriteMovie:Evil Dead 3, Bad Taste, Pink Flamingoes
FavouriteSport:Karate
FavouriteGame:Armourgeddon,Their Finest Hour,Lamatron
FavouriteFood:My Girlfriend
OtherInterests:Games Programming,horror makeup,film-making
----------------------------------------------------------


Small things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:
Overwrite mode in TED. A 3d editor.

Large things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:
Being able to load anims into fast. Auto-Indent in TED

I think the new commands this issue are just what I needed.

(Y ) I'd like to register with the authors via Acid
     Software so I can receive upgrades and docs
     directly from them

(Y ) I'd like to see the user libraries continually
     updated in BUM magazine and the authors paid
     by Acid and not some shareware system

(  ) I don't think I'm quite ready for new commands
     Blitz2 has enough for me already

I'm currently working on....

I have enclosed the following for publishing in BUM7...


Code      I'm too fucking busy writting Star Trek

Programs  Simulation Proggies and improving  Pyromid; the awesome

Articles  game I wrote for the AF competition (well I think so).


(Do it) Seeing as the article I have enclosed is so good I would
      like you to send me more information about becoming a full
      time BUM editor.


Anyway, get back to work, I want to see BUM7 in my mailbox
next week!


Regards,  Dirty Frog/Asshole/Grasshopper


(please mail this as a file, do NOT print it out!!!!)

Ps: What's happening about the AF comp, as I haven't heard anything
    about it at all, and would just like to know if something's
    happening- ta.

