
Dear Simon,

My name is Eric Heaton.

I just thought I'd drop you a quick note after finally
receiving BUM6 you skidmark in the pants .
                   (insert creative ^^^ abuse here).

I hear that you are going to have a penpals directory in
your next issue. Please include the following details as
I would really enjoy receiving mail and swapping code
with other users, especially in other countries

---------------------------------------------------------
Name:Eric Heaton
Address:Flat 4a 23 Lower Bristol Road,Weston-Super-Mare,Avon,BS23 2PL
Interests:Learning to write fab Games in Blitz2
FavouriteMusic:Culture Beat,Reel 2 Reel,2 Untalented etc
FavouriteFood:Pizza & CheeseBurgers
FavouriteMovie:Basic Instinct
FavouriteSport:Weight Lifting using pint glasses full of the landlords finest
lager
FavouriteGame:Skidmarks
FavouriteFood:done that one already mate
OtherInterests:women,annoying my neighbours with the soundtrack of skidmarks
turned up full blast playing through my stereo
----------------------------------------------------------


Small things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:better sprite commands eg
commands to turn sprites off blitter bitmap colour detection
a command to access disks whilts animating blits and sprites without
them jerking on screen like a very well written amos game

Large things I'd like to see added to Blitz2:auto indenting multi screen
editing like devpac 3



I think the new commands this issue are Excellent.

(x) I'd like to register with the authors via Acid
     Software so I can receive upgrades and docs
     directly from them

( ) I'd like to see the user libraries continually
     updated in BUM magazine and the authors paid
     by Acid and not some shareware system

(  ) I don't think I'm quite ready for new commands
     Blitz2 has enough for me already

I'm currently working on.... a Map Editor with AGA Support
Space invaders(Yeah I know very imaganitive but I love the game
anyway it seemed like a good place to start for learning to write games)

I have enclosed the following for publishing in BUM7...


Code      Errm Oh Damn My Harddisk just got accidently erased

Programs  Errm Excuse as above ^

Articles  Well you loyal Amos programmers out there if you still haven`t
got the best programming language (no not Amos) then you must be very sad
people indeed. Your`e probaly the sort of people who do train spotting
for a hobby or when offered a shag from a girl would reply "no thanks
I don`t smoke the stuff"
Well let me tell you why you ought to get Blitz Basic 2
1 Blitz 2 Sounds alot better than Amos and Can`t be mistakenly read as
Anus
2. I have written a version of Space Invaders in Blitz 2 with 63 Objects
on screen at one time which runs faster with the runtime debugger enabled
than a compiled version of Amos pro with only 53 objects on screen at once
3. You get a compiler with Blitz 2 where as you have to fork out another
35 quid for the anus Pro compiler
4 You get to receive an excellent mag called Bum every 3 months or so
(well at least you`re supposed to.)
5 Blitz 2 doesn`t add 50K to one rem statement that you compile
6 cans of lager taste better when writing programs in Blitz 2 than
in Amos
7 It`s useful as a chatup line like "Hey would you like to come back to
my place and see my latest game I am writing "(once they arrive at my pad
I lead them to My bedroom and proceed to show them my super hardware
control)
8 Finally It`s just plain superior to Amos

(x) Seeing as the article I have enclosed is so good I would
     like you to send me more information about becoming a full
     time BUM editor.


Anyway, get back to work, I want to see BUM7 in my mailbox
next week!


Regards,

Eric Heaton
(please mail this as a file, do NOT print it out!!!!)

