Welcome to the cover disk of Blitz User 2.


New Commands!

    The first thing you will want to do is install the new commands on
    your Blitz2 program disk. To do this just drag the deflibs icon on
    this disk into your program disk. If you are using a hard disk drag
    the icon into your main Blitz2 drawer.

    In workbench 2.0 it asks you if you want to replace the old deflibs,
    yes you do! Now when you run Blitz 2, 50+ new commands as documented
    in the magazine will be at your fingertips.

    In earlier verisons of workbench you may have to delete the old deflibs
    first, sorry I'm not more help, (it's late and I am very tired).

    Wo, wake up Simon, you have to be a bit more polite than this!!!

    Why can't they just hit Amiga-Z and type
      COPY BlitzUser2:deflibs TO BLITZ2: ????

    Now come on Simon...

    Oh, sorry BlitzMan OK OK on with the show (smile)......



On with the games...

    Now you have the new commands, you should be able to run all the
    programs on this disk. To start with, we have a few games written
    by Mark, they are Worms, StarTrek and Encounter. None of them are
    finished.

     Worms: I like this game, this game is cute, please feel free to add
            suitable sound fx and music. You are NOT permitted to distribute
            a runtime version without doing this!!!

     StarTrek: Pretty weird stuff this game, graphics by Rod, there
               is only one mission at present, however visit some enemy
               territory SEVERAL times for some action, the script for
               the adventure side is in the text file PROG, Mark promises
               to add another mission next issue and explain some of the
               workings...

      Encounter: Use to love Paul Woakes version, could be added as another
                 StarTrek arcade scenario...

    See the magazine for details on ISOBLOCKS and BUZZBAR.

Thanks to Paul for Tron, Roger for Sabotage, Bruce for puzzle
and Lawrence for Cowboys.

The rest of the contents have got their own docs,

Goodnight,

Simon

