Welcome to Camden Square Adventure.

>look

You are in a small room. There is a computer on the floor. There is also
a small amount of bedding, a CD player and a suitcase. The temperature
indicates that you are somewhere in the northern hemisphere.

>examine furniture

What furniture?

>examine computer

It is an Amiga 1200 missing it's top, which would indicate it belongs to
the programmer Mark Sibly, there are also a very smelly pair of basketball
boots and a Hendrix poster on the wall to support this theory.

>find mark...

Mark is in the other room fixing the string handling in Blitz2, he does
not want to be disturbed. Benoit offers you a smoke...

>smoke benoit

Benoit is currently inflammable however certain gasses that regularly
escape from his person may be. Benoit also seems a little preoccupied
and continues with his solitary smoking.

> examine computer screen

A filled polygon arcade game is currently playing, it seems incredibly
smooth and looks to be somewhat fill of action.

> play game

A flashing alert message appears, obviously the game is not quite
complete. Perhaps you should continue work on BUM6?

> examine hard disk

There are several files in the BUM6 drawer. Documentation regarding
bug fixes predominate with contributions from Blitz users making
up the rest of the directory. There is also some mail from users
regarding Acid Software's piss poor attempts at supporting their
users.

> format hard disk

I'm sorry but I can't do that. Giving Acid Software any excuse to
delay the publication of BUM6 any further would defeat the purpose
of this program. Anyway what the hell are you doing here?

> sort priorities

Your priority list indicates that it is about time BUM6 was finished,
perhaps you should call it BUM7 and forget about BUM6. It would also
be an idea to document the 37 bug fixes made to Blitz2, complete the
developers documentation and tidy up IntuiTools2 including some example
data files.

> return to work

You are some 20,000 kilometers from your place of work, why don't you
finish BUM6 now! Anyway, your girlfriend kicked you out of your house,
remember?

> get smashed

There is no substances of abuse remaining from last nights binge. It seems
that the best idea would be to get your head down and complete the
inevitable. Mark returns, he reports that all bugs in the list are now
fixed and version 1.8 is now ready for testing...



