				Robo-Tastic.                  Copyright 1994
				

Code & Graphics : Ian Hudson.
Graphics        : Keith Hudson.
Music           : Adrian Emmott.


Written in Blitz Basic 2.


Requirements.

An Amiga (should work on 512k machines) and at least 1 joystick.  

  
Please Note.

Do not remove the disk from the drive after loading as the disk is accessed
between levels.


Brief Instructions.

In Robo-Tastic you take on the role of two robots, 01A-PZA and 02A-PZB or 
Jeff and Bob as their friends call them.  I realise Jeff and Bob aren't 
particularly hard names for battle robots, but they gave a good butt
kicking to the last guy who suggested they couldn't hold their drink.  

Anyway, I am sure you're wondering what their goal is, why are they putting
their lives on the line to do battle when the odds are stacked against them.
Well, Jeff and Bob are basically hard, violent, killing machines who like
nothing better than kicking the living daylights out of their fellow 
robotkind for the shear hell of it.  As if that wasn't bad enough, they even
drive a red Ford Capri with rally headlamps and a huge spoiler.  When 
they're feeling particularly daring they even wind down the windows and pump
up the stereo volume to maximum!


Controls.

Guide Jeff and Bob around using the relevant joystick, port 1 for player 1
and port 0 (mouse port) for player 2.  Use the options screen to select a
2 player game, alternatively, player 2 can enter a 1 player game by pressing
the fire button (but you lose a continue this way).  The option screen also
allows the volume of the music to be changed as well as the total number of
continues.


Keys.

F10 pause.
F9  resume a paused game.
ESC return to main menu.


Power Ups.

Bolt         1 Extra shot (more than enough to waste the opposition).
Spanner      Short invulnerability and longer invulnerability following 
	     subsequent deaths. (up to 3 can be accumulated).
Screwdriver  Longer range shots. (up to 3 can be accumulated).
Robot Symbol Extra life.





