Hi,

just a quick note inserted here by Simon before the docs
on Roger's BPAINT program.

Arexx was implemented in Blitz 2 by Greg Abbiss, a big thanks
to Greg for not only providing an excellent extension to Blitz2
but also for showing that it wasn't so silly of me to put the
library writing docs in the User Guide (so there Mark...)

Note:

The amigalibs.res file can be expanded to contain the macros
and constants included from arexxres.bb,
load in arexxres.bb, compile and run it (shouldn't do anything),
then create resident called blitzlibs:amigalibs2.res, your new
amigalibs2.res file now contains all the macros/constants/types from
the arexxres.bb AS WELL as all the amiga libraries.

Now you can remove the include arexxres.bb and replace the resident
file listed in the options as amigalibs.res with amigalibs2.res.

If you didn't follow this, don't worry, its probably better to just
use the include arexxres.bb abyway....

Thank you for your time, now over to Roger....



BPAINT a little example of using Blitz 2's Arexx Library

BPAINT is just here as a practical demonstration of how easy it is to
create your own arexx interface for a programme

The paint programme is just a window you can paint to. Nothing flash
just something to replicate what say a real application would do

The programme opens a message port and looks for a arexx script, it then
processes that arexx script and you see the result.

This programme demonstrates how to add your own arexx commands and do
basic rexx handling. Look for a proper tutorial next Blitz User

Sorry for the quick nature of the programme and documentation but we
have all been a tad busy at Blitz HQ :-)

Credits
-------

Greg Abbiss, A great personal friend of mine, who happened to write
             the Arexx library for Blitz, this is no small acheivement
             and I and I'm sure everyone at ACID software thank Greg
             for the skill, time, and effort he has put into it

Roger Lockerbie (ME!) for writing this little BPAINT programme. Once
                      again as with the Sabotage proggy, If you want
                      to know about a specific subject in depth then
                      write me mail C/- BlitzUser to ACID Software
                      (or fax for that matter)

Have fun......

Roger

