Wo,

to unpack the stuff you need two disks, advanced programmers can
work out libsdev for themselves...

first disk should be a copy of the Blitz2 program disk, then type

lha e bb17 blitz2:  ;say yes to replace all files

then on a newly formatted floppy named bum5:

lha e bum5 bum5:

Thats it, you now have version 1.7 of Blitz2 and a disk full of
stuff which is I suppose the official BUM5 cover disk.

Advanced Programmers:

The libsdev really got clipped due to shortage of space, all the new
libraries go from BASIC to BLITZLIBS:BASIC, however I did leave the
source code to my gadtools and display libraries so don't complain.
Hmm, make a resident blitzlibs:libmacs.res from libmacs.bb if you need
upgrading.

There's some new includes that Thomas have done in the BlitzBlank
drawer which you might want to include with your amigalibs.res if
you're into low level systems programming.

And now with the last 1K of disk space..

WANTED

BLITZ2 COOKBOOK: we've already got a publisher lined up so if you
have done some nice project in Blitz2 and feel like documenting
it then we need you. This will be a strictly hippy profit sharing
venture and I'd like to do a really nice series. Now, I'm sure you
want me to concentrate on the new manuals so please help us out
on this front...

EXAMPLE PROGRAMS: we desperately need good examples to accompany
new documentation (note lack of clarity in BUM5 docs!) so anyone
interested in doing amazing stuff in 50 lines or less with the
new (or old) commands please get onto it...

ACID1 CD: we will be pressing a CD32 disk hopefully third week
of November with as many Blitz2 games as possible, if it's not
great on gameplay just go alternative on style, trippy light
shows and suggestive/raunchy graphics to be encouraged but I
do want 10 good games as well so againg get to it

OK, no TED update and no debugger advancemnets, these are under
way and will feature in BUM6 which will definately be before
XMas, infact we'll say November20 to coincide with,,,,, yup
you got it SKIDMARKS!

                   Later (thats my last byte gone) .... Simon

