                    Pyro-mid Docs- Version 1.0



    The story so far- Well you've been on a package tour 
of Egypt with a friend, and while you were wandering 
around this cool pyramid, your friend found a hidden 
well by falling into it. And wo, look, there's a passage 
going off into darkness. What a bummer, I'm going to 
have to go and get help, instead of exploring this neat 
looking tunnel.

    Hey think of all the gold in there, and what the 
hell, my friend will be dead by now anyway.

    It's surprisingly light in here, and I wonder why 
it's getting so hot, and Oh- oh, what's that flaming 
orange bat-looking thing coming towards me- it doesn't 
look very friendly. I hope the blurb on this souvenir 
lamp is correct about it's defense capabilities against 
flaming orange bat-looking things, and not just a 
tourist con ! 

    So it's quite simple, you are entirely motivated by 
greed, none of this archaeology for the betterment of 
science and humankind rubbish. Oh and staying alive's 
quite an important aim too, but much harder to achieve.

    

    Directions: please take one every hour until pain 
subsides, Oops wrong game. Instructions that was what I 
meant- instructions yer.

    Alright, well firstly waste any bats that come your 
way; pretty obvious really, and pick up keys so you can 
get through doors. You can only hold one key at a time 
though; well don't hassle me- it's your own fault for 
buying a cheapee backpack isn't it ! 

    Pick up gems for points- the points they are worth 
increase, the more gems you get. Press spacebar for 
smartbomb- annihilate everything onscreen; only one per 
explorer though.

    You get an extra explorer (and smartbomb is 
replaced) every 3O,OOO points.

	Oh and you can only fire sideways (both ways at 
once- trust me you need it) so be careful in vertical 
passages.

     You are racing a timer- if time gets down to ten 
seconds left, you will hear a clock chime out each of 
those seconds. If you run out of time you lose a life.

     The way out of each level is a set of stairs 
similar to the ones you start off at.

     To quit from game press Escape twice.

     To pause and unpause game press P. 



     If you have any bugs (see if you can find the ones       

     I know about), suggestions etc, write me:

         Anton Reinauer  

         12 Asbury Cresent 

         Campbells Bay 

         Auckland 1O

         New Zealand	

	



     Pyro-Mid written by Anton Reinauer

     Grafix by Anton Reinauer and Brett Peacock 

     Copyright Anton Reinauer 1994.

      

     AMIGA 4-button joystick code...

 Stick discovery by Ed Bamber

 Code created by Anthony Ball

 (C)1992 Anthony Ball & Edmund Bamber



PS: This version (1.0) has only 4 levels as it had to be 
done in a bloody hurry (thanx Amiga Format). I will be 
sending out other versions with improved grafix, lots 
more levels, a level editor so you can make up your own 
levels and the ability to use sega and CD32 joysticks (2 
or 3 buttons).

    Hope I haven't forgotten anything now...     



